docs: improve by adding teardown and examples (#23470)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-projects-js.md

<img width="70%" style={{display: 'flex', margin: 'auto'}} alt="Browser login project is blue, database is red and e2e tests relies on both" loading="lazy" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13063165/225938262-33c1b78f-f092-4762-a478-7f8cbc1e3b21.jpg" />

> ### Teardown

Reviewer: I've just read this in `docs/src/test-global-setup-teardown-js.md` - is this supposed to be this way?

Reviewer: I would do a reference instead of copying the same text in two places

> You can also teardown your setup by adding a teardown property to your setup project. This will run after all dependencies have run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also teardown your setup by adding a teardown property to your setup project. This will run after all dependent projects have run.
```
